<table border="1">
  <caption>Each participant's performance whilst attempting to locate the fixed term deposit service on BNF.</caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>P</th>
      <th>Saccades</th>
      <th>Fixations</th>
      <th>C. Time (s)</th>
      <th>Participant Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>8</td>
      <td>13</td>
      <td>21.09</td>
      <td>Whilst attempting to locate the fixed term deposit task, I ended up on a different service due to the naming being similar. </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>23</td>
      <td>27</td>
      <td>37.33</td>
      <td>I found locating the fixed term deposit account more difficult, mainly due to me not knowing what the service was prior to the experiment, but I was briefed by the researcher to have a good idea of what I am searching for. I eventually found the service due to how well the layout of the webpage is, and how obvious the services are placed.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>43</td>
      <td>46</td>
      <td>59.33</td>
      <td>Did give me some trouble, as I see a fixed term deposit as an investment, but it was listed under a menu called “Current offers”.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>32</td>
      <td>37</td>
      <td>42.62</td>
      <td>I found the term deposit service quite easily, even though I had no idea of the layout prior to partaking in this research, along the way I ended up on a different service due to the similarity in their name, but ultimately it didn’t take me too long to find it.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>27</td>
      <td>31</td>
      <td>40.97</td>
      <td>I was misled by Lombard’s structure, as I was searching for the service in this website in the business section.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>6</td>
      <td>16</td>
      <td>17</td>
      <td>39.02</td>
      <td>I was instructed to find the fixed term deposit account first, and while I did find it in a decent amount of time, I think the service is quite hidden and ambiguously placed.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>103</td>
      <td>131</td>
      <td>283.58</td>
      <td>However, the term deposit account service was far more difficult to find, as it was in the last column (of three), and the services are only shown when I hover over the specific column. I believe I changed webpages over 15 times until I found the correct page.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>8</td>
      <td>29</td>
      <td>34</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>I thought I completed it and concluded that portion of the experiment. Rather than ending on the fixed term deposit account service, I stopped on the internet banking term deposit.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>9</td>
      <td>14</td>
      <td>19</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>For the fixed term deposit account, I stopped the experiment on the incorrect page, as I thought that I had found it, but it was just a similarly named service.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>14</td>
      <td>18.70</td>
      <td>I was able to locate the fixed term deposit with patience, by reading the services under each column from left to right, which was not frustrating due to the UI being very user friendly.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>11</td>
      <td>23</td>
      <td>28</td>
      <td>38.66</td>
      <td>For the term deposit, I initially thought I found it, but once the service I clicked loaded, I realised it was just similar but now what I was looking for. I then accessed the menu at the top and I was shown numerous services. I found the service by reading through quite a few services from left to right.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>12</td>
      <td>21</td>
      <td>26</td>
      <td>42.51</td>
      <td>For the fixed term deposit, I wasn't expecting to locate this service so easily, but I think the website's structure helped a lot. It was easy to understand where the services were placed, and I just viewed each sub-menu's services until I found it.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
