<table border="1">
  <caption>Each participant's performance whilst attempting to locate the fixed term deposit service on HSBC.</caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>P</th>
      <th>Saccades</th>
      <th>Fixations</th>
      <th>C. Time (s)</th>
      <th>Participant Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>9</td>
      <td>13.04</td>
      <td>I located both services easily without any issues, due to the menu showing the services in an ordered and straightforward manner.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>6</td>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>13.54</td>
      <td>I found it slightly easier to navigate since I was familiar with the layout from the 1st task. I opted to search for the service in the drop-down menu, starting from left to right, luckily, it was one of the first services., that’s why I located it in little time.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>13</td>
      <td>12.73</td>
      <td>I found both services with ease.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>17</td>
      <td>20</td>
      <td>25.07</td>
      <td>To locate the fixed term deposit page, I noticed that at the top of the page was a menu bar containing a lot of services, I didn’t notice it during the first task as I thought it was a header of text. Once I realised it was a menu, I found the service quite quickly by searching through the menus from left to right.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>12</td>
      <td>28.98</td>
      <td>I was able to locate the first task (fixed term deposit account) very easily using the drop-down menu.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>6</td>
      <td>43</td>
      <td>49</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>I couldn’t find the fixed term deposit account. I was skimming through the services in the drop-down menus and even accessed a couple of incorrect webpages, but ultimately, I gave up.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>9</td>
      <td>44.75</td>
      <td>I was asked to start with the fixed term deposit this time, and intuitively, I searched in the top drop-down menu and found it quickly as it was in the first.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>8</td>
      <td>12</td>
      <td>13</td>
      <td>20.15</td>
      <td>It took me slightly longer to find the fixed term deposit account, as it was listed at the bottom of the services list.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>219</td>
      <td>234</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>For the fixed term deposit account service, I was unable to find it, mainly because of two things… the first being the high number of services within each sub-menu, the second being the wording of the service, rather than simply showing "Fixed Term Deposit" or "Term Deposit", it was prefixed with "HSBC", which confused me a lot.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>11</td>
      <td>27</td>
      <td>29</td>
      <td>54.24</td>
      <td>During the first task (fixed term deposit account), I didn't realise there was a menu at the top initially, once I noticed the landing page does not contain much content, I scrolled up and found the menu, which was quite ambiguous visually. I instinctively searched through the investment services, and clicked on the incorrect page in the hopes that the service was within the page's content. Then after browsing the page without any luck, I used the drop-down menu again and searched for the service by reading each service one by one.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>12</td>
      <td>27</td>
      <td>30</td>
      <td>86.72</td>
      <td>The term deposit account service did take me some time to find, I honestly thought I wasn't going to, but I decided to look at the services in the menu one last time. I think I glanced over it once or twice; I think because I was reading through them quite quickly since I saw a lot of text.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
