<table border="1">
  <caption>Each participant's performance whilst attempting to locate the personal loan service on Lombard.</caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>P</th>
      <th>Saccades</th>
      <th>Fixations</th>
      <th>C. Time (s)</th>
      <th>Participant Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>12.71</td>
      <td>Felt that I located the personal loan task easier than I would have if I hadn’t used the HSBC website prior, but regardless, the effect was minimal overall.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>14.03</td>
      <td>The second task to locate the personal loan was far easier, as it was under the personal header in the drop-down menu, and clear to see.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>9</td>
      <td>11</td>
      <td>20.08</td>
      <td>Locating the personal loan was very easy, as I immediately shifted my attention to the “Personal” keyword in the menu, and the service was listed and clearly visible.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>8</td>
      <td>11</td>
      <td>20.13</td>
      <td>Finding the second service (personal loan) was easy, due to the fact that I knew where the menu was this time, and it was under the first sub-menu called “personal” which made it even clearer.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>6</td>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>27.32</td>
      <td>My first task was to find the personal loan page, and I was stuck at first as instinctually, I looked at the top centre of the page to find the menu, but it was at the top-left of the page. Once I saw the menu, I found the service under the “Personal” menu header.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>6</td>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>12.88</td>
      <td>When attempting to find the personal loan as the first task, I thought the top menu bar was a clickable link rather than a drop-down menu, it is quite unclear. But given that I have a lot of experience, I found the task very easily.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>12</td>
      <td>16.32</td>
      <td>I found both services within seconds, as the layout is quite similar to HSBC.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>8</td>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>6</td>
      <td>11.21</td>
      <td>I found both the personal loan page and the deposit accounts page without any issues and in good time.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>9</td>
      <td>29</td>
      <td>32</td>
      <td>105.45</td>
      <td>I found the first service (personal loan) in under two minutes.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>38</td>
      <td>43</td>
      <td>72.68</td>
      <td>Before finally locating the personal loan service, I ended up in multiple different webpages and services, as I opted to search through the body of the landing page, rather than the drop-down menu.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>11</td>
      <td>49</td>
      <td>58</td>
      <td>78.07</td>
      <td>For the personal loan, I think it took me a while to find the service, same issue that I encountered with HSBC, took me a while to realise that the drop-down menu was at the top-left often page. After accessing a couple of incorrect pages, I was then able to find the personal loan service in the drop-down menu, which is all fairness, was very clearly placed and easy to see.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>12</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>8</td>
      <td>34.04</td>
      <td>Then for the personal loan, since this time I knew where the menu was, I easily found the service through the personal banking page.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
