<table border="1">
  <caption>Each participant's performance whilst attempting to locate the fixed term deposit service on Lombard.</caption>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>P</th>
      <th>Saccades</th>
      <th>Fixations</th>
      <th>C. Time (s)</th>
      <th>Participant Comments</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>1</td>
      <td>11</td>
      <td>16</td>
      <td>28.06</td>
      <td>I had to locate the fixed term deposit page, I found a few issues. When I accessed the page with all the deposit account options, I thought the side menu was a drop-down menu, because of the arrows adjacent to the service name, but when I clicked it, I was sent to another webpage. I also felt it quite unnecessary to have to read through a bunch of text and scroll down to find the desired service, rather than it being one of the options in the sub menu, so carrying out the second task was quite difficult in comparison to the first.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>2</td>
      <td>53</td>
      <td>62</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>After searching for a good minute, I gave up and the researcher pointed me towards where it was after the experiment was over, so that I can give my opinion… the fixed term deposit account was listed in a page with multiple options for different accounts, with a lot of text and paragraphs, it would’ve taken me ages to find on my own.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>3</td>
      <td>21</td>
      <td>27</td>
      <td>33.06</td>
      <td>Then locating the fixed term deposit account was slightly more difficult, as it was in a page filled with text and I had to patiently scroll down and read the entire list of services one by one.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>4</td>
      <td>29</td>
      <td>38</td>
      <td>122.37</td>
      <td>Took me some time to locate. I didn’t initially realise there was a drop-down menu at the top of the page, I then finally found the service by patiently scrolling down and seeing a bunch of text with a header “Fixed Term Deposit Account”.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>15</td>
      <td>22</td>
      <td>55.08</td>
      <td>I looked at the services in the sub-menu and found “Deposit Accounts”, which I felt was taking me in the right direction. Once I entered the deposit accounts page, I didn’t realise there were more services below, as that required me to scroll down further in the page. I then found the service by scrolling, but didn’t find anywhere to get started.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>6</td>
      <td>5</td>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>13.29</td>
      <td>I did also find the fixed term deposit quite quickly, but I was unsure if I was in the correct webpage when I clicked the “deposit accounts” option in the menu, thankfully after scrolling down through the text, I found the section containing “Fixed Term Deposit Account”.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>7</td>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>23.64</td>
      <td>I found both services within seconds, as the layout is quite similar to HSBC.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>8</td>
      <td>15</td>
      <td>19</td>
      <td>20.12</td>
      <td>I found both the personal loan page and the deposit accounts page without any issues and in good.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>9</td>
      <td>9</td>
      <td>13</td>
      <td>34.00</td>
      <td>-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>69</td>
      <td>83</td>
      <td>160.27</td>
      <td>Took me a while to complete, as I couldn’t pinpoint the service in the menu quickly. Once I finally got to the service accounts page, it took me a while to realise that I could scroll down to more services, in fact, I thought that the menu on the left was a drop-down menu with more services due to the arrows next to the service names.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>11</td>
      <td>23</td>
      <td>34</td>
      <td>-</td>
      <td>Unfortunately for the fixed term deposit, I couldn’t find the exact service, as after I found the deposit accounts page, I didn't think to keep scrolling down. I thought the menu on the left was a drop-down menu with more services, but when I clicked on the arrows, I was getting sent to the same page I was on.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>12</td>
        <td>37</td>
        <td>44</td>
        <td>79.49</td>
        <td>It didn't take me long to find the service, but I don't understand how I can apply for it through the website, because when I clicked on the Fixed Deposit Account text, nothing happened.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
